Why are you applying for Financial Aid?
I have completed my graduation in May 2016 and  Currently, I am employed in a Indian IT Company with an annual package of  $ 5227. So, after deduction I get $ 360 as my salary per month. This amount is only sufficient to bear my living expenses which includes House rent, food, transport, miscellaneous. Even if i can afford..My basic needs would be lead into difficulty to avail this course.My parents have been very helpful in getting me succeeded throughout my regular academics and funding the same.I have one sibling who is still in education field.So,it would be difficult for my parents to invest their entire income on me.I feel that i cannot put extra burden on them any more.This does not mean that...i don't want to study.I wanted to achieve as much knowledge as possible from the resources i have around me.

Could you please consider my  Financial Assistance Application for 100% fee wavier. If required, I am ready to produce my payslip.




How will taking this course help you achieve your career goals?I am working in 'Engineering and Industrial Service' vertical of my company. This includes providing consultancy services regarding  supply chain management to organisations like Government Power Plants, Manufacturing Plants, and private companies  . Now, there are many upcoming projects from client side in Data Analysis Domain and  even Indian IT companies are focusing on Cloud computing, Big Data, IoT, Artificial Intelligence etc.

So, these Data Science courses will  give me  knowledge and competency to execute Data related project. It will also provide me a chance to switch my career and to enter the opportunity world of Data Analytics. I have planned to spend one hour everyday on these courses. Since i will be given weekend holidays ,I can use that time to complete my assignments or any pending classes to be learnt during weekdays. 

I promised you that I will make good use of this scholarship, if provided. Though I am not able to pay my course fee now due to my low salary package but in future I promise to help someone from coursera community by paying his/her course fee. 

I will demonstrate academic integrity by completing my own work; I will not cheat or plagiarize. I will contribute to the course's community by answering questions on the discussion forums, by reviewing peer assignments, and by responding when others have questions.